>> Nina Zakharenko: Well, we'll talk
a little bit more about this later but
I wanna introduce it as I
introduced the concept.
You never ever want to use mutable types
like list as your default arguments?
And it's okay if you don't know
what that means right now.
I'm just gonna show you that if you
use an argument that can be changed,
like a list, as your default argument,
you're gonna have a very bad time.
Because you would think that these
default arguments get kind of created or
instantiated every time you call the
function, but that's not true, actually.
They only get created every time
the function is called, or I'm sorry, they
get created the first time the function
is called and then that value is shared.
So I've seen this by so
many beginner Python programmers.
So like warning, don't do this.
And we'll talk about lists and the methods
that we're gonna use a little bit later.
So let's say I had a function foo and
it took one default parameter a,
and a is a list, oops, sorry.
I'm gonna make it take t parameters,
a is an item,
just a regular positional argument,
b is a list, and
then I'm going to append
the value of a to b, okay?
So if I call this foo with five,
sorry, I forgot something.
My function doesn't do anything,
why is that?
>> Speaker 2: There's no return.
>> Nina Zakharenko: There's no return,
right.
So I can do a return or
I can just print out something,
so I'm gonna do a print for now.
Okay, if I call foo with five
we'll see that b is five.
If I call foo again with six, we'll see
that our list b is now five and six.
So it's just using the same list over and
over not doing what we expect it to.
So if we want to kind of use an empty list
or just use the centino value instead.
You can say b equals none, right?
And then in your code check and
then say if b is none then make
a new list within my function code.
Everyone got that?
I've been bitten by this bug so many times
even after I've been doing Python for
years, okay.
So, naming our functions and arguments,
because Python is a dynamic language,
we have to be really mindful
of how we name things.
Sometimes it's also called duck typed,
which I think is a pretty funny name.
>> Nina Zakharenko: As I'm
typing here in the ripple,
I'm trying to show you concepts quickly.
It's okay,
if I call things foo and a and b.
Generally, you don't wanna do
this in your production code.
You wanna name your functions and
your variables, in what's being done
with them as explicitly as possible.
For example, maybe x and y are common
names in a mathematical operation,
but besides for that unless they're gonna
be easily recognized, you don't really
want to name your things x,
y, a, b [LAUGH].
Because for example,
who has looked at some production code and
they're like, my God, who wrote this?
This is horrible and
then they did a get blame and
it's like, I wrote it a year ago.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay, yeah,
some laughs, yeah.
I definitely have done that, right?
>> Nina Zakharenko: You tend to forget, so
by being as explicit as possible the first
time around, not only are you
being kind to your future self,
you're also being kind to your coworkers.
I put a link into a talk
that I really like,
a conference talk that you can watch
after the course called the naming
of Darkseid dynamic type smart
conventions by Brandon Rhodes.
And he dive into this half an hour or
45 minutes just talking about
how do we do a good job of naming
things in a dynamic language.